pages/examples/index.mdx, before:

---
ogTitle:
description:
ogImage: examples
---

import { Card, Cards } from 'components/card';
import messageIcon from "components/icons/message";
import tableIcon from "components/icons/table";
import selectIcon from "components/icons/select";
import calculatorIcon from "components/icons/calculator";
import websiteIcon from "components/icons/website";
import clickIcon from "components/icons/click";
import eyeIcon from "components/icons/eye";
import uploadIcon from "components/icons/upload";
import barChartIcon from "components/icons/barChart";
import bubbleChartIcon from "components/icons/bubbleChart";
import markdownIcon from "components/icons/markdown";
import fileAnalyticsIcon from "components/icons/fileAnalytics";
import codeDots from "components/icons/codeDots";
import handStopIcon from "components/icons/handStop";
import repeatIcon from "components/icons/repeat";
import boxMultiple from "components/icons/boxMultiple";
import threeD from "components/icons/threeD";
import pdfIcon from "components/icons/pdf";

# Mercury examples

All example notebooks are available in [mercury-examples](https://github.com/mljar/mercury-examples) GitHub repository. 

<Cards>
  <Card icon={repeatIcon} title="Create widgets in the loop" href="/examples/create-widgets-in-loop/" />
  <Card icon={codeDots} title="Display JSON" href="/examples/display-json-jupyter-notebook/" />
  <Card icon={pdfIcon} title="Display PDF" href="/examples/jupyter-notebook-display-pdf/" />
  <Card icon={tableIcon} title="Display Table" href="/examples/jupyter-notebook-display-interactive-table/" />
  <Card icon={selectIcon} title="Dynamic widgets" href="/examples/dynamic-widgets/"/>
  <Card icon={uploadIcon} title="File upload" href="/examples/file-upload-jupyter-notebook/" />
  <Card icon={messageIcon} title="Hello World" href="/examples/hello-world/"/>
  <Card icon={calculatorIcon} title="Increment and decrement" href="/examples/increment-decrement/"/>
  <Card icon={tableIcon} title="Load large dataset" href="/examples/load-large-dataset-jupyter-notebook/"/>
  <Card icon={clickIcon} title="Load on click" href="/examples/load-on-click/"/>
  <Card icon={boxMultiple} title="Pivot Table" href="/examples/pivot-table-jupyter-notebook/" />
  <Card icon={threeD} title="PyDeck" href="/examples/pydeck-jupyter-notebook/" />
  <Card icon={eyeIcon} title="Show hide code app" href="/examples/show-hide-code-jupyter-notebook/"/>
  <Card icon={websiteIcon} title="Share static notebook" href="/examples/static-website-jupyter-notebook/"/>
  <Card icon={handStopIcon} title="Stop cells execution" href="/examples/stop-cell-execution-jupyter-notebook/" />
  
  {/* <Card icon={barChartIcon}
    title="Matplotlib starter"
    href="/examples/matplotlib-jupyter-notebook/"
  />
  <Card icon={bubbleChartIcon} title="Plotly starter" href="/examples/plotly-jupyter-notebook/" />
  <Card icon={fileAnalyticsIcon}
    title="Pandas DataFrame"
    href="/examples/display-pandas-dataframe-jupyter-notebook/"
  />
  <Card icon={markdownIcon} title="Markdown with variables" href="/examples/markdown-python-variables-jupyter-notebook/" /> */}

</Cards>


Would you like to add or need example? Please [let us know](https://github.com/mljar/mercury-examples/issues/new)!

Commit message:

add title  and desc in examples

pages/examples/index.mdx, after:

---
ogTitle: Examples of web apps created with Jupyter Notebook and Mercury
description: You can share Jupyter Notebooks as web applications with Mercury framework
ogImage: examples
---

import { Card, Cards } from 'components/card';
import messageIcon from "components/icons/message";
import tableIcon from "components/icons/table";
import selectIcon from "components/icons/select";
import calculatorIcon from "components/icons/calculator";
import websiteIcon from "components/icons/website";
import clickIcon from "components/icons/click";
import eyeIcon from "components/icons/eye";
import uploadIcon from "components/icons/upload";
import barChartIcon from "components/icons/barChart";
import bubbleChartIcon from "components/icons/bubbleChart";
import markdownIcon from "components/icons/markdown";
import fileAnalyticsIcon from "components/icons/fileAnalytics";
import codeDots from "components/icons/codeDots";
import handStopIcon from "components/icons/handStop";
import repeatIcon from "components/icons/repeat";
import boxMultiple from "components/icons/boxMultiple";
import threeD from "components/icons/threeD";
import pdfIcon from "components/icons/pdf";

# Mercury examples

All example notebooks are available in [mercury-examples](https://github.com/mljar/mercury-examples) GitHub repository. 

<Cards>
  <Card icon={repeatIcon} title="Create widgets in the loop" href="/examples/create-widgets-in-loop/" />
  <Card icon={codeDots} title="Display JSON" href="/examples/display-json-jupyter-notebook/" />
  <Card icon={pdfIcon} title="Display PDF" href="/examples/jupyter-notebook-display-pdf/" />
  <Card icon={tableIcon} title="Display Table" href="/examples/jupyter-notebook-display-interactive-table/" />
  <Card icon={selectIcon} title="Dynamic widgets" href="/examples/dynamic-widgets/"/>
  <Card icon={uploadIcon} title="File upload" href="/examples/file-upload-jupyter-notebook/" />
  <Card icon={messageIcon} title="Hello World" href="/examples/hello-world/"/>
  <Card icon={calculatorIcon} title="Increment and decrement" href="/examples/increment-decrement/"/>
  <Card icon={tableIcon} title="Load large dataset" href="/examples/load-large-dataset-jupyter-notebook/"/>
  <Card icon={clickIcon} title="Load on click" href="/examples/load-on-click/"/>
  <Card icon={boxMultiple} title="Pivot Table" href="/examples/pivot-table-jupyter-notebook/" />
  <Card icon={threeD} title="PyDeck" href="/examples/pydeck-jupyter-notebook/" />
  <Card icon={eyeIcon} title="Show hide code app" href="/examples/show-hide-code-jupyter-notebook/"/>
  <Card icon={websiteIcon} title="Share static notebook" href="/examples/static-website-jupyter-notebook/"/>
  <Card icon={handStopIcon} title="Stop cells execution" href="/examples/stop-cell-execution-jupyter-notebook/" />
  
  {/* <Card icon={barChartIcon}
    title="Matplotlib starter"
    href="/examples/matplotlib-jupyter-notebook/"
  />
  <Card icon={bubbleChartIcon} title="Plotly starter" href="/examples/plotly-jupyter-notebook/" />
  <Card icon={fileAnalyticsIcon}
    title="Pandas DataFrame"
    href="/examples/display-pandas-dataframe-jupyter-notebook/"
  />
  <Card icon={markdownIcon} title="Markdown with variables" href="/examples/markdown-python-variables-jupyter-notebook/" /> */}

</Cards>


Would you like to add or need example? Please [let us know](https://github.com/mljar/mercury-examples/issues/new)!
