pages/docs/input-widgets/app.mdx, before:

# App

The `App` class controls how the notebook is displayed in the Mercury.


```python
import mercury as mr

# set Application parameters
app = mr.App(title="",
        description="",
        show_code=False,
        show_prompt=False,
        continuous_update=True,
        static_notebook=False,
        show_sidebar=True,
        full_screen=True,
        allow_download=True)
```

## Parameters

- **title** (_string_) - title of the application, it will be used in the home view and in sidebar.
- **description** (_string_) - description of the application, it will be used in the home view.
- **show_code** (_boolean_) - set to `True` to show code of the notebook, default is set to `False` which means that code is hidden.
- **show_prompt** (_boolean_) - set to `True` if you want to show notebook prompt in the application, the `show_code` needs to be `True` as well. Default is set to `False`.
- **continuous_update** (_boolean_) - default is set to `True` which means that notebook is recomputed immediately after widget value change. Please set to `False` if you want to have updates after clicking `Run` button.
- **static_notebook** (_boolean_) - when set to `True` notebook will not be recomputed on any widget change (notebook is static). Default is `False` which means that app presented in Mercury is interactive.
- **show_sidebar** (_boolean_) - you can hide sidebar when Mercury App is open. User can open sidebar by clicking in the top right blue button with arror. By default sidebar is displayed.
- **full_screen** (_boolean_) - by default (`True`) notebook is displayed with full width. Please set `False` to limit notebook width to `1140px`.
- **allow_download** (_boolean_) - by default there is `Download` button available to export results as PDF or HTML file. You can hide `Download` button by setting `allow_download=False`.

Commit message:

add stop_on_error argument in App widget

pages/docs/input-widgets/app.mdx, after:

# App

The `App` class controls how the notebook is displayed in the Mercury.


```python
import mercury as mr

# set Application parameters
app = mr.App(title="",
        description="",
        show_code=False,
        show_prompt=False,
        continuous_update=True,
        static_notebook=False,
        show_sidebar=True,
        full_screen=True,
        allow_download=True,
        stop_on_error=False
)
```

## Parameters

- **title** (_string_) - title of the application, it will be used in the home view and in sidebar.
- **description** (_string_) - description of the application, it will be used in the home view.
- **show_code** (_boolean_) - set to `True` to show code of the notebook, default is set to `False` which means that code is hidden.
- **show_prompt** (_boolean_) - set to `True` if you want to show notebook prompt in the application, the `show_code` needs to be `True` as well. Default is set to `False`.
- **continuous_update** (_boolean_) - default is set to `True` which means that notebook is recomputed immediately after widget value change. Please set to `False` if you want to have updates after clicking `Run` button.
- **static_notebook** (_boolean_) - when set to `True` notebook will not be recomputed on any widget change (notebook is static). Default is `False` which means that app presented in Mercury is interactive.
- **show_sidebar** (_boolean_) - you can hide sidebar when Mercury App is open. User can open sidebar by clicking in the top right blue button with arror. By default sidebar is displayed.
- **full_screen** (_boolean_) - by default (`True`) notebook is displayed with full width. Please set `False` to limit notebook width to `1140px`.
- **allow_download** (_boolean_) - by default there is `Download` button available to export results as PDF or HTML file. You can hide `Download` button by setting `allow_download=False`.
- **stop_on_error** (_boolean_) - by default (`False`) notebook will execute all cells even with errors. When set to `True` notebook will stop execution when error occured in the cell.
