pages/docs/input-widgets/checkbox.mdx, before:

---
ogTitle:
description:
ogImage: widgets
---

import { Screenshot } from "components/screenshot";
import exampleAppPng from "../../../public/images/examples/checkbox.png";

# Checkbox

The `Checkbox` class adds button in the Mercury sidebar.

```python
import mercury as mr

# add checkbox
my_flag = mr.Checkbox(value=True, label="Switch me")

# read checkbox value
if my_flag.value:
    print("Checkbox is ON")
else:
    print("Checkbox is OFF")
```

## Parameters

- **value** (_boolean_) - the value of the checkbox, default is set to `True`.
- **label** (_string_) - label of the checkbox.
- **url_key** (_string_) - set this value if you would like to set `Checkbox` value with URL paramters.
- **disabled** (_boolean_) - disable widget in the sidebar, default is set to `False`.
- **hidden** (_boolean_) - hide widget in the sidebar, default is set to `False`.

## Share widget value in URL

Let's create the `Checkbox` widget with `url_key="flag"`:

```python
import mercury as mr

# add checkbox
my_flag = mr.Checkbox(value=True, label="Switch me", url_key="flag")

# read checkbox value
if my_flag.value:
    print("Checkbox is ON")
else:
    print("Checkbox is OFF")
```

You can share the widgets values with other users. Please click the `Share` button in the sidebar bottom. It will open a dialog with URL.

The URL will look like:

```
https://your-server-address.com/app/notebook-name?flag=true
```

Please note that `?flag=true` is added at the end of URL address.

## Example App

Below is a screenshot with example app. Example app is available at [docs.runmercury.com/app/checkbox](https://docs.runmercury.com/app/checkbox).

<Screenshot src={exampleAppPng} alt="App with checkbox widget" />

Commit message:

add sanitize parameter in Text widget and fill few og titles

pages/docs/input-widgets/checkbox.mdx, after:

---
ogTitle: Checkbox widget in Jupyter Notebook
description: Add Checkbox widget in Jupyter Notebook and make your Python notebook interactive.
ogImage: widgets
---

import { Screenshot } from "components/screenshot";
import exampleAppPng from "../../../public/images/examples/checkbox.png";

# Checkbox

The `Checkbox` class adds button in the Mercury sidebar.

```python
import mercury as mr

# add checkbox
my_flag = mr.Checkbox(value=True, label="Switch me")

# read checkbox value
if my_flag.value:
    print("Checkbox is ON")
else:
    print("Checkbox is OFF")
```

## Parameters

- **value** (_boolean_) - the value of the checkbox, default is set to `True`.
- **label** (_string_) - label of the checkbox.
- **url_key** (_string_) - set this value if you would like to set `Checkbox` value with URL paramters.
- **disabled** (_boolean_) - disable widget in the sidebar, default is set to `False`.
- **hidden** (_boolean_) - hide widget in the sidebar, default is set to `False`.

## Share widget value in URL

Let's create the `Checkbox` widget with `url_key="flag"`:

```python
import mercury as mr

# add checkbox
my_flag = mr.Checkbox(value=True, label="Switch me", url_key="flag")

# read checkbox value
if my_flag.value:
    print("Checkbox is ON")
else:
    print("Checkbox is OFF")
```

You can share the widgets values with other users. Please click the `Share` button in the sidebar bottom. It will open a dialog with URL.

The URL will look like:

```
https://your-server-address.com/app/notebook-name?flag=true
```

Please note that `?flag=true` is added at the end of URL address.

## Example App

Below is a screenshot with example app. Example app is available at [docs.runmercury.com/app/checkbox](https://docs.runmercury.com/app/checkbox).

<Screenshot src={exampleAppPng} alt="App with checkbox widget" />
