pages/docs/input-widgets/file.mdx, before:

---
ogTitle:
description:
ogImage: widgets
---

import { Screenshot } from "components/screenshot";
import exampleAppGif from "../../../public/images/examples/file.gif";
import notebookPng from "../../../public/images/examples/file-notebook.png";

# File

The `File` class allows to upload and read files in the notebook.

Files can be accessed as binary objects or by reading them from file path (they are temporary stored for reading).

```python
import mercury as mr

# add file upload widget
my_file = mr.File(label="File upload", max_file_size="100MB")

# get file path in the code and read its content
print(f"Let's read content of {my_file.filepath}")
with open(my_file.filepath, "r") as fin:
    print(fin.read())

# get file name
print(f"Thanks for uploading {my_file.filename}")

# get file content in binary format
binary_content = my_file.value
```

## Parameters

- **label** (_string_) - label of the file upload widget.
- **max_file_size** (_string_) - the maximum size of allowed file upload, default is set to "100MB". 
- **disabled** (_boolean_) - disable widget in the sidebar, default is set to `False`.
- **hidden** (_boolean_) - hide widget in the sidebar, default is set to `False`.


## Example App

Below is a screenshot with example app. Example app is available at [docs.runmercury.com/app/file](https://docs.runmercury.com/app/file).

<Screenshot src={exampleAppGif} alt="App with File widget" />

Commit message:

add sanitize parameter in Text widget and fill few og titles

pages/docs/input-widgets/file.mdx, after:

---
ogTitle: File widget in Jupyter Notebook
description: Allow file upload in Jupyter Notebook by using File widget.
ogImage: widgets
---

import { Screenshot } from "components/screenshot";
import exampleAppGif from "../../../public/images/examples/file.gif";
import notebookPng from "../../../public/images/examples/file-notebook.png";

# File

The `File` class allows to upload and read files in the notebook.

Files can be accessed as binary objects or by reading them from file path (they are temporary stored for reading).

```python
import mercury as mr

# add file upload widget
my_file = mr.File(label="File upload", max_file_size="100MB")

# get file path in the code and read its content
print(f"Let's read content of {my_file.filepath}")
with open(my_file.filepath, "r") as fin:
    print(fin.read())

# get file name
print(f"Thanks for uploading {my_file.filename}")

# get file content in binary format
binary_content = my_file.value
```

## Parameters

- **label** (_string_) - label of the file upload widget.
- **max_file_size** (_string_) - the maximum size of allowed file upload, default is set to "100MB". 
- **disabled** (_boolean_) - disable widget in the sidebar, default is set to `False`.
- **hidden** (_boolean_) - hide widget in the sidebar, default is set to `False`.


## Example App

Below is a screenshot with example app. Example app is available at [docs.runmercury.com/app/file](https://docs.runmercury.com/app/file).

<Screenshot src={exampleAppGif} alt="App with File widget" />
