pages/docs/input-widgets/slider.mdx, before:

import { Screenshot } from "components/screenshot";
import exampleAppGif from "../../../public/images/examples/slider.gif";

# Slider

Adds `Slider` widget.

```python
import mercury as mr

# add range widget
your_slider = mr.Slider(value=0, min=0, max=10, label="Your favourite number", step=1)
    
# access widget value in the code
print(f"Your value is {your_slider.value}")
```

## Parameters

- **value** (_integer_)- the initial value of the widget.
- **min** (_int_) - minimum allowed value in the widget.
- **max** (_int_) - maximum allowed value in the widget.
- **label** (_string_) - the label that will appear near the widget.
- **step** (_integer_) - value of change, default is set to `1`. 
- **url_key** (_string_) - set this value if you would like to set `Slider` value with URL paramters.
- **disabled** (_boolean_) - disbale widget in the sidebar, default is set to `False`.
- **hidden** (_boolean_) - hide widget in the sidebar, default is set to `False`.

## Share widget value in URL

Let's create the `Slider` widget with `url_key="slider"`:

```python
import mercury as mr

app = mr.App(title="MultiSelect", description="Demo of MutiSelect widget", show_code=True)

# add widget
your_slider = mr.Slider(value=0, min=0, max=10, label="Your favourite number", 
                        step=1, url_key="slider")
    
# access widget value in the code
print(f"Your value is {your_slider.value}")
```

You can share the widgets values with other users. Please click the `Share` button in the sidebar bottom. 
It will open a dialog with URL.

The URL will look like:

```
https://your-server-address.com/app/notebook-name?slider=3
```

Please note that `?slider=3` is added at the end of URL address.

## Example App

Below is a screenshot with example app. Example app is available at [docs.runmercury.com/app/slider](https://docs.runmercury.com/app/slider).

<Screenshot src={exampleAppGif} alt="App with slider widget" />

Commit message:

add more examples in docs

pages/docs/input-widgets/slider.mdx, after:

import { Screenshot } from "components/screenshot";
import simpleAppGif from "../../../public/images/examples/slider-simple.gif";
import exampleAppGif from "../../../public/images/examples/slider.gif";
import exampleNotebookPng from "../../../public/images/examples/slider-notebook.png";

# Slider

Adds `Slider` widget.

```python
import mercury as mr

# add range widget
your_slider = mr.Slider(value=5, min=0, max=10, label="Your favourite number", step=1)
```
```python
# access widget value in the code
print(f"Your value is {your_slider.value}")
```

<Screenshot src={simpleAppGif} alt="Mercury App with slider widget created in Jupyter Notebook" />


## Parameters

- **value** (_integer_)- the initial value of the widget, default is set to `0`.
- **min** (_int_) - minimum allowed value in the widget, default is set to `0`.
- **max** (_int_) - maximum allowed value in the widget, default is set to `10`.
- **label** (_string_) - the label that will appear near the widget.
- **step** (_integer_) - value of change, default is set to `1`. 
- **url_key** (_string_) - set this value if you would like to set `Slider` value with URL paramters.
- **disabled** (_boolean_) - disbale widget in the sidebar, default is set to `False`.
- **hidden** (_boolean_) - hide widget in the sidebar, default is set to `False`.

## Share widget value in URL

Let's create the `Slider` widget with `url_key="slider"`:

```python
import mercury as mr
```
```python
# init app settings
# set show_code=True
app = mr.App(title="MultiSelect", description="Demo of MutiSelect widget", show_code=True)
```
```python
# add widget
your_slider = mr.Slider(value=0, min=0, max=10, label="Your favourite number", 
                        step=1, url_key="slider")
    
```
```python
# access widget value in the code
print(f"Your value is {your_slider.value}")
```

You can share the widgets values with other users. Please click the `Share` button in the sidebar bottom. 
It will open a dialog with URL.

The URL will look like:

```
https://your-server-address.com/app/notebook-name?slider=3
```

Please note that `?slider=3` is added at the end of URL address.

## Example App

Below is a screenshot with example app. Example app is available at [docs.runmercury.com/app/slider](https://docs.runmercury.com/app/slider).

<Screenshot src={exampleAppGif} alt="App with slider widget" />

Notebook's code:
<Screenshot src={exampleNotebookPng} alt="Notebook with Mercury slider widget" />
