pages/docs/input-widgets/text.mdx, before:

---
ogTitle:
description:
ogImage: widgets
---

import { Screenshot } from "components/screenshot";
import simpleAppGif from "../../../public/images/examples/text-simple.gif";
import shareAppGif from "../../../public/images/examples/text-share.gif";
import exampleAppGif from "../../../public/images/examples/text.gif";
import exampleNotebookPng from "../../../public/images/examples/text-notebook.png";

# Text

Adds a text widget. It can be a text field (`rows=1`) or text area (`rows>1`). 

```python
import mercury as mr

# add text widget
name = mr.Text(value="Piotr", label="What is your name?", rows=1)
```
```python
# use widget value in the code
print(f"Hello {name.value}!")
```

Running example with Mercury:
<Screenshot src={simpleAppGif} alt="Mercury App with text widget created in Jupyter Notebook" />


## Parameters

- **value** (_string_)- the initial value of the text widget.
- **label** (_string_)- the label that will appear near the text widget.
- **rows** (_integer_)- number of rows in the text widget. Default is set to `1`. 
- **url_key** (_string_) - set this value if you would like to set `Text` value with URL paramters.
- **disabled** (_boolean_) - disable widget in the sidebar, default is set to `False`.
- **hidden** (_boolean_) - hide widget in the sidebar, default is set to `False`.


## Share widget value in URL

Let's create the `Text` widget with `url_key="name"`:

```python
import mercury as mr
```
```python
# init app settings
# set show_code=True
app = mr.App(title="Text", description="Demo of Text widget", show_code=True)
```
```python
# add widget
name = mr.Text(value="Piotr", label="What is your name?", rows=1, url_key="name")
```
```python
# access widget value in the code
print(f"Hello {name.value}!")
```

You can share the widgets values with other users. Please click the `Share` button in the sidebar bottom. 
It will open a dialog with URL.

The URL will look like:

```
https://your-server-address.com/app/notebook-name?name=Piotr
```

Please note that `?name=Piotr` is added at the end of URL address.

<Screenshot src={shareAppGif} alt="Share Mercury App with text widget value set in URL" />

## Example App

Below is a screenshot with an example app. It is available at [docs.runmercury.com/app/text](https://docs.runmercury.com/app/text).

<Screenshot src={exampleAppGif} alt="App with text widget" />

Notebook's code:
<Screenshot src={exampleNotebookPng} alt="Notebook with Mercury text widget" />

Commit message:

add sanitize parameter in Text widget and fill few og titles

pages/docs/input-widgets/text.mdx, after:

---
ogTitle: Text widget in Jupyter Notebook
description: Add Text widget in Jupyter Notebook and make your Python notebook interactive.
ogImage: widgets
---

import { Screenshot } from "components/screenshot";
import simpleAppGif from "../../../public/images/examples/text-simple.gif";
import shareAppGif from "../../../public/images/examples/text-share.gif";
import exampleAppGif from "../../../public/images/examples/text.gif";
import exampleNotebookPng from "../../../public/images/examples/text-notebook.png";

# Text

Adds a text widget. It can be a text field (`rows=1`) or text area (`rows>1`). 

```python
import mercury as mr

# add text widget
name = mr.Text(value="Piotr", label="What is your name?", rows=1)
```
```python
# use widget value in the code
print(f"Hello {name.value}!")
```

Running example with Mercury:
<Screenshot src={simpleAppGif} alt="Mercury App with text widget created in Jupyter Notebook" />


## Parameters

- **value** (_string_)- the initial value of the text widget.
- **label** (_string_)- the label that will appear near the text widget.
- **rows** (_integer_)- number of rows in the text widget. Default is set to `1`. 
- **url_key** (_string_) - set this value if you would like to set `Text` value with URL paramters.
- **disabled** (_boolean_) - disable widget in the sidebar, default is set to `False`.
- **hidden** (_boolean_) - hide widget in the sidebar, default is set to `False`.
- **sanitize** (_boolean_) - if set to `True` widget value is sanitized and characters like quotes and parentheses are removed, default is set to `True`.


## Share widget value in URL

Let's create the `Text` widget with `url_key="name"`:

```python
import mercury as mr
```
```python
# init app settings
# set show_code=True
app = mr.App(title="Text", description="Demo of Text widget", show_code=True)
```
```python
# add widget
name = mr.Text(value="Piotr", label="What is your name?", rows=1, url_key="name")
```
```python
# access widget value in the code
print(f"Hello {name.value}!")
```

You can share the widgets values with other users. Please click the `Share` button in the sidebar bottom. 
It will open a dialog with URL.

The URL will look like:

```
https://your-server-address.com/app/notebook-name?name=Piotr
```

Please note that `?name=Piotr` is added at the end of URL address.

<Screenshot src={shareAppGif} alt="Share Mercury App with text widget value set in URL" />

## Example App

Below is a screenshot with an example app. It is available at [docs.runmercury.com/app/text](https://docs.runmercury.com/app/text).

<Screenshot src={exampleAppGif} alt="App with text widget" />

Notebook's code:
<Screenshot src={exampleNotebookPng} alt="Notebook with Mercury text widget" />
