pages/use/jupyter-notebook-matplotlib-line-chart.mdx, before:

---
ogTitle: Matplotlib Line Chart 
description:
ogImage:
---

import { Screenshot } from "components/screenshot";
import simplechartPng from "../../public/images/integrations/matplotlib/line-chart/matplotlib-only.png";
import numpychartPng from "../../public/images/integrations/matplotlib/line-chart/matplotlib-numpy.png";
import pandaschartPng from "../../public/images/integrations/matplotlib/line-chart/matplotlib-pandas.png";

# Matplotlib Line Chart

## Introduction 

`Matplotlib` is a library for making charts, which works very well with Jupyter Notebook. One of them is called a **Line Chart**. We've got a few examples ready to show you, so you can see what they look like and how they work: 

- simple line chart 
- line chart with `numpy` data
- line chart with `pandas` data
- an interactive line chart 

If you need any information about **Matplotlib** check their docs: [**Matplotlib Docs**](https://matplotlib.org/stable/index.html).

All of code examples are availabe as Jupyter Notebooks in our GitHub repositiory:

- [**Matplotlib Line Chart**](https://github.com/mljar/mercury-integrations/blob/main/visualizations/matplotlib/matplotlib-line-chart.ipynb)
- [**Matplotlib Interactive Line Chart**](https://github.com/mljar/mercury-integrations/blob/main/visualizations/matplotlib/matplotlib-interactive-line-chart.ipynb)

## Line Chart 

Example with using only `matplotlib` package: 

```python
# import packages 
import matplotlib.pyplot as plt

# create data
x = [1, 2, 3, 4, 5]
y = [1.5, 5.3, 2.1, 6.2, 2.7]

# plot 
plt.plot(x,y)
plt.show()
```

<Screenshot src={simplechartPng} alt="Simple matplotlib line chart." />

## Line Chart with Numpy Data

You can turn `numpy` data into line chart thanks to `matplotlib` library:

```python
# import packages
import matplotlib.pyplot as plt
import numpy as np

# create data 
x = 1 + np.arange(8)
y = np.array([4.8, 5.5, 3.5, 6.6, 2.5, 4.6, 1.6, 3.9])

# plot 
plt.plot(x,y)
plt.show()
```

<Screenshot src={numpychartPng} alt="Matplotlib line chart with numpy data." />

## Line Chart with Pandas Data

Display `pandas` data as a line chart created with `matplotlib`:

```python
# import packages
import matplotlib.pyplot as plt
import pandas as pd

# create data 
df = pd.DataFrame({'count': [1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8], 'value': [1.5,4.8,3.0,8.1,1.9,3.8,2.2,7.1]})

# plot 
plt.plot(df['count'], df['value'])
plt.show()
```

<Screenshot src={pandaschartPng} alt="Matplotlib line chart with pandas data." />

## Interactive Line Chart

Static charts are boring, what about creating an interactive line chart? It's possible with `matplotlib` and `mercury` packages. You can choose which data you want to display using `mercury` widgets. In this example we used [**Select**](https://runmercury.com/docs/input-widgets/select/):

```python
# import packages
import matplotlib.pyplot as plt
import mercury as mr
```

```python 
# mercury widget
selection = mr.Select(value = "growing", choices = ["growing", "decreasing"], label = "Which trend?")
```

```python 
# create data 
x = [1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9,10]
up_y = [1, 2.2, 3.4, 4.1, 3.9, 4.5, 6.4, 8.4, 8.2, 10]
down_y = [10,9.1,8.7,6.1,5.2,6,4.9,4,3.1,1]

# plot
if selection.value == "growing":
    y = up_y
elif selection.value == "decreasing":
    y = down_y
    
plt.plot(x,y)
plt.show()
```

Now, you can turn your Jupyter Notebook into Web App without additional code changes! Here is a video which presents how it will look:

<video width="100%" autoPlay loop controls preload="none" style={{ borderRadius: "10px" }, {marginTop: "10px"}}>
  <source
    src="/images/integrations/matplotlib/line-chart/matplotlib-mercury.mp4"
    type="video/mp4"
  />
</video>

Deploying Web App is very easy that you can do it in 3 steps:

<div className="steps-container">

### Login to Mercury Cloud

If you don't have account, you can create it here: [**Mercury Cloud**](https://cloud.runmercury.com/register).

### Create new site

Create new or use an existing site. 

### Upload your notebook

Upload the notebook with code.

</div>

**Congrats!** You just created your own Web App and you can share your Jupyter Notebooks with nontechnical users. If you need more information about deploying the Web App check [**Mercury Cloud Documentation**](https://runmercury.com/docs/cloud/).

Commit message:

add matplotlib histogram chart integration

pages/use/jupyter-notebook-matplotlib-line-chart.mdx, after:

---
ogTitle: Matplotlib Line Chart 
description: How to create a line chart with numpy and pandas data using the matplotlib - Python package in Jupyter Notebook.
ogImage:
---

import { Screenshot } from "components/screenshot";
import simplechartPng from "../../public/images/integrations/matplotlib/line-chart/matplotlib-only.png";
import numpychartPng from "../../public/images/integrations/matplotlib/line-chart/matplotlib-numpy.png";
import pandaschartPng from "../../public/images/integrations/matplotlib/line-chart/matplotlib-pandas.png";

# Matplotlib Line Chart

## Introduction 

`Matplotlib` is a library for making charts, which works very well with Jupyter Notebook. One of them is called a **Line Chart**. We've got a few examples ready to show you, so you can see what they look like and how they work: 

- simple line chart 
- line chart with `numpy` data
- line chart with `pandas` data
- an interactive line chart 

If you need any information about **Matplotlib** check their docs: [**Matplotlib Docs**](https://matplotlib.org/stable/index.html).

All of code examples are availabe as Jupyter Notebooks in our GitHub repositiory:

- [**Matplotlib Line Chart**](https://github.com/mljar/mercury-integrations/blob/main/visualizations/matplotlib/matplotlib-line-chart.ipynb)
- [**Matplotlib Interactive Line Chart**](https://github.com/mljar/mercury-integrations/blob/main/visualizations/matplotlib/matplotlib-interactive-line-chart.ipynb)

## Line Chart 

Example with using only `matplotlib` package: 

```python
# import packages 
import matplotlib.pyplot as plt

# create data
x = [1, 2, 3, 4, 5]
y = [1.5, 5.3, 2.1, 6.2, 2.7]

# plot 
plt.plot(x,y)
plt.show()
```

<Screenshot src={simplechartPng} alt="Simple matplotlib line chart." />

## Line Chart with Numpy Data

You can turn `numpy` data into line chart thanks to `matplotlib` library:

```python
# import packages
import matplotlib.pyplot as plt
import numpy as np

# create data 
x = 1 + np.arange(8)
y = np.array([4.8, 5.5, 3.5, 6.6, 2.5, 4.6, 1.6, 3.9])

# plot 
plt.plot(x,y)
plt.show()
```

<Screenshot src={numpychartPng} alt="Matplotlib line chart with numpy data." />

## Line Chart with Pandas Data

Display `pandas` data as a line chart created with `matplotlib`:

```python
# import packages
import matplotlib.pyplot as plt
import pandas as pd

# create data 
df = pd.DataFrame(
    {
        'count': [1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8], 
        'value': [1.5,4.8,3.0,8.1,1.9,3.8,2.2,7.1]
    }
)

# plot 
plt.plot(df['count'], df['value'])
plt.show()
```

<Screenshot src={pandaschartPng} alt="Matplotlib line chart with pandas data." />

## Interactive Line Chart

Static charts are boring, what about creating an interactive line chart? It's possible with `matplotlib` and `mercury` packages. You can choose which data you want to display using `mercury` widgets. In this example we used [**Select**](https://runmercury.com/docs/input-widgets/select/):

```python
# import packages
import matplotlib.pyplot as plt
import mercury as mr
```

```python 
# mercury widget
selection = mr.Select(value = "growing", choices = ["growing", "decreasing"], label = "Which trend?")
```

```python 
# create data 
x = [1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9,10]
up_y = [1, 2.2, 3.4, 4.1, 3.9, 4.5, 6.4, 8.4, 8.2, 10]
down_y = [10,9.1,8.7,6.1,5.2,6,4.9,4,3.1,1]

# plot
if selection.value == "growing":
    y = up_y
elif selection.value == "decreasing":
    y = down_y
    
plt.plot(x,y)
plt.show()
```

Now, you can turn your Jupyter Notebook into Web App without additional code changes! Here is a video which presents how it will look:

<video width="100%" autoPlay loop controls preload="none" style={{ borderRadius: "10px" }, {marginTop: "10px"}}>
  <source
    src="/images/integrations/matplotlib/line-chart/matplotlib-mercury.mp4"
    type="video/mp4"
  />
</video>

Deploying Web App is very easy that you can do it in 3 steps:

<div className="steps-container">

### Login to Mercury Cloud

If you don't have account, you can create it here: [**Mercury Cloud**](https://cloud.runmercury.com/register).

### Create new site

Create new or use an existing site. 

### Upload your notebook

Upload the notebook with code.

</div>

**Congrats!** You just created your own Web App and you can share your Jupyter Notebooks with nontechnical users. If you need more information about deploying the Web App check [**Mercury Cloud Documentation**](https://runmercury.com/docs/cloud/).
